content/CV.md, before:

---
title: "Skyler Thomas CV"
date: 2019-09-12T12:17:58+02:00
draft: true 
author: "Skyler Thomas"
language: "English"
---


<h3>Education:</h3>


 
:   2015-2019 **BS, Pure Mathematics**; The University of Texas at Austin, (Austin,TX)

 
:   2014-2019 **BSA, Neuroscience**; The University of Texas at Austin, (Austin,TX)

 
:   Spring 2017 **Study Abroad**; Uppsala University, (Uppsala,Sweden)

_______


<h3>Certifications:</h3>

 
:   2019 **Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (CELTA)**; CLIC International House, (Seville, Spain)


:   2019 **Pre-Health Professions**; The University of Texas at Austin, (Austin,TX)

_______

<h3>Experience:</h3>

 
:   Aug 2019 **English Instructor**; CLIC International House, (Seville, Spain)
	- Taught reading comrehension, grammar and developed oral frequency with B1 students.
	- Taught summarizing and paraphrasing, lexis and general writing skills to B2 students.
	- Taught grammar, lexis of quantifiers and functional language skills to A1 and A2 students.
	- Adapted and used activities from Cutting Edge, Navigate Upper-Intermediate, English File Elementary
	- Created and used original and authentic texts for lessons along with material
	- Developed and use personalized lesson plans for students to increase engagement and understanding

  
:   Aug 2017 - Aug 2018 **Web Developer**; Innovations for Peace and Development, (Austin,TX)
	- Implemented css bootstrap and utilized JavaScript to format websites quickly and embedded various links.
	- Performed SEO in order to increase web traffic and increase ease of interaction.
	- Awarded research affiliate position for contributions

  
:   Aug 2015 - Aug 2016 **Research Assistant**; Cormack Lab: 3D Vision, (Austin,TX)
	- Cleaned 20 hours of subject data and both explored and analyzed the data with a MATlab and then visualized with heatplot.
	- Collected data from 8 subjects using a reverse Kalman filter constructed in Matlab.
	- Over 300 academic hours of research in neurophysiology of vision, perception, and motion processing.

  
:   Aug 2014 - Aug 2016 **Research Assistant**; Jones Lab: Functional Materials Based on Metal Complexes, (Austin,TX)
	- Synthesized metal lanthanide complexes with inorganic chemistry techniques.
	- Analyzed crystal structure using NMR.
	- Over 200 academic hours of research in inorganic chemistry.

_______

<h3>Projects:</h3>


   
:   July 2019 **Discourse Analysis**;  Prof. Sahotra Sarkar, (Austin,TX)
	-  Collected and analyzed over 100 papers from 1949 until present.
	-Binned papers by year and analyzed each paper using discourse analysis.
	- Implemented logistic regression in R with analyzed papers

  
:   Aug 2017 – Jan 2018 **Directed Study: Natural Language Processing (NLP)**;  Prof. Andrew Blumberg, (Austin,TX)
	-  Reviewed modern methods of sentence parsing through probabilistic methods.
	- Constructed and implemented a word stemmer, parts-of-speech parser, and sentence parser in base Python.
	- Analyzed statistical distribution of high frequency words in bodies of text with at least 10000 words

 
:   Aug 2017 - Jan 2018 **Directed Research: Percolation Theory**;  Directed by Natasa Dragovic, (Austin,TX)
	-  Studied probability of random walks on lattices and encounters between Poisson distributed balls in Euclidean space.
	- Modelled applications to commercial-scale power-line networks and to model water permeability of top soil.
	- Lectured on studied topic to undergraduates, graduate students, and faculty.

  
:   May 2018 **Tinder Classification Task**; Prof. Michael Mahometa, (Austin,TX)
	-  Implemented logisitc regression to determine frequency at which males and females recieved matches on tinder in R.
	- Cleaned and explored raw data using excel and python

 
:   Nov 2017 **Built AI that played tetris**; Prof. Ila fiete, (Austin,TX)
	-  Implemented the original evolving neural networks through augmenting topologies paper.
	- Built tetris using gamepy and other python packages.
	- Built and implemented artificial neural neural network using NEAT python package.


:   July 2016  **Matched Pairs Experiment**; Prof. Gustavo Cepparo, (Austin,TX)
	-   Recruited 7 subjects and collected data from subjects for task.
	- Implemented a bootstrap on the resulting distribution and computed significance using t-test.

_______


<h3>Skills:</h3>

- Coding 
	- Python, C/C++, R, Matlab
-Frameworks
	- Keras, Pytorch, Tensorflow
- WebDevelopment
	- HTML/CSS, JavaScript, MangoDB, SQL/NOSQL
- Utilies
	- Anaconda, Git, Sublime Text, Atom, Vim, RStudio, Visual Studio Code
- Markup
	- Latex, Markdown
- Softskills skills
	- Effective Communicator, Teamplayer, Flexible, Self-Motivating, Enthusiasitc, Critical Thinker
- Languages
	- Swedish (A1), Mandarin (A1), Spanish (B2), English (Fluent)


_______


<h3>Publications:</h3> 


:   May 2019  **Natural Resources and Civil Conflict Publication**;  
	-    Contributed to paper out for review concerning the location of natural resources and civil conflict in the area.

_______


<h3>Acheievements:</h3> 


:   May 2018  **Longhorn Energy Summit**;  (Austin,TX)
	-    Ranked 6 among 53 teams(TOP 11%) in case-styled business competition.
	- Developed business strategy for solving the problem of non-renewable batteries


:   April 2017  **Markov Processes and Semigroups Presentation**;  (Uppsala, Sweden)
	-     Presented to undergraduate peers an introduction to the theory of Markov processes and semigroups in the context of probability.

_______


<h3>Coursework:</h3> 

* Lingusitics, Linear Algebra, Differential and Integral Calculus, Differential Equations, Algebraic Structures,
Real Analysis, Complex Analysis, Regression Analysis, Generalized Linear Models, Applied Statistics,
Computational Neuroscience, Number Theory, Discrete Mathematics, Macroeconomics, Microeconomics,

Commit message:

Fixed nest, Work on partials, fonts,pictures
UPdates, fixed nested sections. Still need to make nav bar into a partial, fonts are different betwen browser, need to fix picture on home/landing page.

content/CV.md, after:

---
title: "Skyler Thomas CV"
date: 2019-09-12T12:17:58+02:00
draft: true 
author: "Skyler Thomas"
language: "English"
---


<h3>Education:</h3>


 
:   2015-2019 **BS, Pure Mathematics**; The University of Texas at Austin, (Austin,TX)

 
:   2014-2019 **BSA, Neuroscience**; The University of Texas at Austin, (Austin,TX)

 
:   Spring 2017 **Study Abroad**; Uppsala University, (Uppsala,Sweden)

_______


<h3>Certifications:</h3>

 
:   2019 **Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (CELTA)**; CLIC International House, (Seville, Spain)


:   2019 **Pre-Health Professions**; The University of Texas at Austin, (Austin,TX)

_______

<h3>Experience:</h3>

:   Sep 2019 -June 2020 **English Teacher**; Whizdom English, (Logroño, Spain)
	 - Taught reading comprehension, grammar skills and developed oral frequency with A1, A2, B1 and B2 students from ages 7 to 32.
	- Prepared 11 different personalised lesson plans a week for over 60 different students to increase student understanding and interest.
	- Analyzed and wrote more than 60 individualized student reports on how to help each student reach their goals.
	- Developed and use personalized lesson plans for students to increase engagement and understandingg
 
:   Aug 2019 **English Instructor**; CLIC International House, (Seville, Spain)
	- Taught reading comrehension, grammar and developed oral frequency with B1 students.
	- Taught summarizing and paraphrasing, lexis and general writing skills to B2 students.
	- Taught grammar, lexis of quantifiers and functional language skills to A1 and A2 students.
	- Adapted and used activities from Cutting Edge, Navigate Upper-Intermediate, English File Elementary
	- Created and used original and authentic texts for lessons along with material
	- Developed and use personalized lesson plans for students to increase engagement and understanding

  
:   Aug 2017 - Aug 2018 **Web Developer**; Innovations for Peace and Development, (Austin,TX)
	- Implemented css bootstrap and utilized JavaScript to format websites quickly and embedded various links.
	- Performed SEO in order to increase web traffic and increase ease of interaction.
	- Awarded research affiliate position for contributions

  
:   Aug 2015 - Aug 2016 **Research Assistant**; Cormack Lab: 3D Vision, (Austin,TX)
	- Cleaned 20 hours of subject data and both explored and analyzed the data with a MATlab and then visualized with heatplot.
	- Collected data from 8 subjects using a reverse Kalman filter constructed in Matlab.
	- Over 300 academic hours of research in neurophysiology of vision, perception, and motion processing.

  
:   Aug 2014 - Aug 2016 **Research Assistant**; Jones Lab: Functional Materials Based on Metal Complexes, (Austin,TX)
	- Synthesized metal lanthanide complexes with inorganic chemistry techniques.
	- Analyzed crystal structure using NMR.
	- Over 200 academic hours of research in inorganic chemistry.

_______

<h3>Projects:</h3>


   
:   July 2019 **Discourse Analysis**;  Prof. Sahotra Sarkar, (Austin,TX)
	-  Collected and analyzed over 100 papers from 1949 until present.
	-Binned papers by year and analyzed each paper using discourse analysis.
	- Implemented logistic regression in R with analyzed papers

  
:   Aug 2017 – Jan 2018 **Directed Study: Natural Language Processing (NLP)**;  Prof. Andrew Blumberg, (Austin,TX)
	-  Reviewed modern methods of sentence parsing through probabilistic methods.
	- Constructed and implemented a word stemmer, parts-of-speech parser, and sentence parser in base Python.
	- Analyzed statistical distribution of high frequency words in bodies of text with at least 10000 words

 
:   Aug 2017 - Jan 2018 **Directed Research: Percolation Theory**;  Directed by Natasa Dragovic, (Austin,TX)
	-  Studied probability of random walks on lattices and encounters between Poisson distributed balls in Euclidean space.
	- Modelled applications to commercial-scale power-line networks and to model water permeability of top soil.
	- Lectured on studied topic to undergraduates, graduate students, and faculty.

  
:   May 2018 **Tinder Classification Task**; Prof. Michael Mahometa, (Austin,TX)
	-  Implemented logisitc regression to determine frequency at which males and females recieved matches on tinder in R.
	- Cleaned and explored raw data using excel and python

 
:   Nov 2017 **Built AI that played tetris**; Prof. Ila fiete, (Austin,TX)
	-  Implemented the original evolving neural networks through augmenting topologies paper.
	- Built tetris using gamepy and other python packages.
	- Built and implemented artificial neural neural network using NEAT python package.


:   July 2016  **Matched Pairs Experiment**; Prof. Gustavo Cepparo, (Austin,TX)
	-   Recruited 7 subjects and collected data from subjects for task.
	- Implemented a bootstrap on the resulting distribution and computed significance using t-test.

_______


<h3>Skills:</h3>

- Coding 
	- Python, C/C++, R, Matlab
-Frameworks
	- Keras, Pytorch, Tensorflow
- WebDevelopment
	- HTML/CSS, JavaScript, MangoDB, SQL/NOSQL
- Utilies
	- Anaconda, Git, Sublime Text, Atom, Vim, RStudio, Visual Studio Code
- Markup
	- Latex, Markdown
- Softskills skills
	- Effective Communicator, Teamplayer, Flexible, Self-Motivating, Enthusiasitc, Critical Thinker
- Languages
	- Swedish (A1), Mandarin (A1), Spanish (B2), English (Fluent)


_______


<h3>Publications:</h3> 


:   May 2019  **Natural Resources and Civil Conflict Publication**;  
	-    Contributed to paper out for review concerning the location of natural resources and civil conflict in the area.

_______


<h3>Acheievements:</h3> 


:   May 2018  **Longhorn Energy Summit**;  (Austin,TX)
	-    Ranked 6 among 53 teams(TOP 11%) in case-styled business competition.
	- Developed business strategy for solving the problem of non-renewable batteries


:   April 2017  **Markov Processes and Semigroups Presentation**;  (Uppsala, Sweden)
	-     Presented to undergraduate peers an introduction to the theory of Markov processes and semigroups in the context of probability.

_______


<h3>Coursework:</h3> 

* Lingusitics, Linear Algebra, Differential and Integral Calculus, Differential Equations, Algebraic Structures,
Real Analysis, Complex Analysis, Regression Analysis, Generalized Linear Models, Applied Statistics,
Computational Neuroscience, Number Theory, Discrete Mathematics, Macroeconomics, Microeconomics,
